hi guys all right today I will teach
You as if making nails know
that I 'm addicted to all
I'm not, but I'm going to do it today.
you have a love -hate relationship with
israel because I love I have because
same time I want those nails
beautiful big and wonderful I want
my short lines because I went
accumulating staying with you touching things
I love you more than I hate you I think
no hate knows the will of
feel things and could not today
win but how do you gel wedge I
leave mine a little bit more
so it does not bother me
is more likely to start among you
The college I'm using is mine.
collection with halo dora you can
check the image will come out more at
discovery and the regions I'm going to do
with this kit here wonderful falls in
I'll show you his hair too.
leave the link below you check
This kit people I loved because it comes
with a lot of cool stuff in this kit
comes with a cancer gel
a gel primer a chosen tony gel that
it would be in case the body painted the nails of
base gel and top coat influences
double-sided cotton sandpaper and a
and I could not miss my
Favorite thing in the kit that is the led cabin
José is in this unigel process I go
to teach you how to do it and I hope
So much that you like so let's go
so I have here the lines that this
of that force that if it has 36 lines
I paid 795 then
My things now that I've already
I found the balls
I'll save that the fia
goes that later they break right
substitute we will leave the
Next I do not have a lap for
paste it so I'll have to use it
something like this here a super band I
I even think they cooperate because
the back tomorrow
So use this one in June in Bonn.
next I'll apply the tite hen
You only have the message that she's okay.
guys now do not cut the nails I
I cut with this scissors line here
because I do not have that deal
own and cuts Bastit agreed with the
I really like it and now I'll
charter after the first sandpaper they
They stay like this but she will not stay
just like that because I have to
political from here but it leaves more
Cute people say that they will not stay.
This way it looks more beautiful than that
This is how high I want it to be.
I guess so much more is day to day.
day you can use it and it gets harder
then break or use them at that time
today I can use at the time and
model you prefer
but I'm going to use it because I like it
so I'll get the sandpaper here and
their teaching volition
I have already finished the blue already in floods and
they stayed like this so let's do the
Next we'll get this deal here.
which is the child gel and gives a clean
take away the residue
now I'll apply a primer layer and
I 'll apply on all the nails then
People, we're going to apply the gel.
which is the top gel base in coaching
so let's start then apply the
first layer we'll put here
in the cabin for 30 seconds
now let's apply the paul tira zonha
so I'll use the vermilion well
but determining to involve the lame cops
I'll put it inside the cabin.
for them to get faster for 60
seconds
I finished my nails guys look like me
they stayed like this now I'm going to give a
cleaned up with this cancer in the
nails
The result of the gel nails was this
they are very short little squares of the
The way I wanted it and I would enjoy it
will serve as it is easy to do
So, I finished my nails and the
result was this that you have seen me
super cool because they will make the size
that I really wanted that size
so I'm super happy now with my
red lines that you saw as it is
easy to do the guys I'll leave the
site below which is the hair than
of the gel nails it is super hard and
I think it will overcome the penalty then
run there on the site for you to
To study now, I hope you have
liked and can do at home too.
It's very easy and very fun too.
making the dollar carry around
two hours but as you do with the
Swiss will also not fun
They did not like it, I did not even lean against it.
just write a letter not yet
registered
a big kiss for you and even the
next video